{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma-Bold;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}{\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\b\f0\fs20\lang9 Version 3.2.6 \b0 // 4 Aug 2020\par
\par
Added compatibility for Provisionell F-35A USB Cards\par
Improved logging and error trapping\par
\b\par
Version 3.2.5 \b0 // 2 Jun 2020\par
\par
Added clean up for Configuration Backup files (max 12 backups for HID and MCP)\par
Added warning when unknown joystick devices found in aircraft's config-hid.lua\par
Fixes mismatching of multiple USB cards/devices\par
Added Build LINDA core software export (developer use only)\par
Fixes edit News opening (developer use only)\par
\par
\b Version 3.2.4 \b0 // 15 May 2020\par
\par
Fixes Import LINDA Core installation version numbers\par
Added additional developer Maintenance page options\par
\par
\b Version 3.2.3 \b0 // 11 May 2020\par
\par
Fixes new LINDA Core installation version in Maintenance page\par
Fixes New/Edit Aircraft Module listing\par
Added checks for correct LINDA installation\par
Improvements to logging\par
\par
\b Version 3.2.2 \b0\f1 // 6 May 2020\par
\par
Fixes missing SimObject aircraft types in New/Edit Aircraft Module form\par
Fixes problem with overwriting of user configuration files\par
 \b\f0\par
Version 3.2.1 \b0\f1 // 2 May 2020\par
\b\f0\par
\b0\f1 Improved compatibility with P3Dv5 and FSUIPC6\par
Correct operation of available aircraft types in New/Edit Aircraft Module\par
Additional error trapping \par
Fixes Saitek Multi Panel Altitude (m <> ft)\par
Message Line changed\b\f0\par
\par
Version 3.2.0 \b0\f1 // 16 Apr 2020\par
\b\f0\par
\b0\f1 Initial compatibility with P3Dv5 and FSUIPC6 (see release notes)\par
\b\f0\par
Version 3.1.2 \b0\f1 // 26 Feb 2020\par
\b\f0\par
\b0\f1 Fixes issue with User Library LIB-User.lua being overwritten\par
Improvements to install Module operation\par
\b\f0\par
Version 3.1.1 \b0\f1 // 15 Feb 2020\b\f0\par
\par
\b0\f1 Fixes to Fault Diagnosis Mode (on Maintenance page)\par
Fixes Splash Screen closure error\par
Fixes to Edit Aircraft Module\par
\b\f0\par
Version 3.1.0 \b0\f1 // 30 Jan 2020\par
\par
Internal GUI changes\par
Added Fault Diagnosis Mode\par
Improved module selection \b\f0\par
\par
Version 3.0.12c // \b0\f1 16 Sep 2019\par
\par
Change link for PayPal donations\par
Fixed issue with Rotorcraft not appearing in New Aircraft Module list\par
\b\f0\par
Version 3.0.11 // \b0\f1 2 Feb 2019\par
\par
Added Default Baro Reference setting (inHg/hPa)\par
\b\f0\par
Version 3.0.9 v2 // \b0\f1 23 Sep 2018\par
\par
Added New GSX Library (GSX-lib.lua) v1.2\par
Fixed LUA version number to 3.0.9\b\f0\par
\par
Version 3.0.8 // \b0\f1  14 Aug 2018\par
\par
Fixed issue with sounds function.\par
\par
Fixed issue with hotkeys.\par
\par
Fixed new Aircraft Module available aircraft searching.\par
\par
Fixed issue with identifying aircraft add-ons.\par
\par
Added extra device logging.\par
\b\f0\par
Version 3.0.7 // \b0\f1 11 Jul 2018\par
\par
Fix to Sync To Sim outlining of aircraft selector.\par
\par
\b\f0 Version 3.0.6 // \b0\f1 2 Jul 2018\par
\par
Added Sounds function with ability to locate .wav files.\par
\b\f0\par
Version 3.0.5 //\b0\f1  15 Dec 2017\par
\par
\ul Updated oldest FSUIPC version required (ensure 4.972 or 5.122 installed).\par
\ulnone\par
Added prompt for Sync To Sim in LINDA Summary.\par
\par
Changes to Edit/New Aircraft Module to engage Sync to Sim on exit.\par
\par
Change to un-pause Console of LINDA Restart.\par
\par
Fix to Default Fuel Pump Switch operation (lib-fallback.lua).\par
\par
Added aircraft name and LINDA version to config-xxx.lua files.\par
\par
Fix to ensure only valid MCP knob fast functions automatically assigned.\par
\par
\b\f0 Version 3.0.4 \b0\f1 // 25 Oct 2017\par

\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\par
Fix to error initialising new P3D4.1 add-on location aircraft like FSLabs A320X and A2A.\par
\par
Changed handling of Saitek Panels between GUI and LUA to remove possible duplication. \b\f0\par
\par
Version 3.0.3 \b0\f1 // 23 Sep 2017\par
\par
Fix to correctly handle Joystick HAT changes.\par
\par
Changed FSXSync to Sync to Sim to reflect common use of P3D.\par
\par
Fixed issue with Install LINDA Core software not displaying the new version number.\b\f0\par
\par
Version 3.0.2 \b0\f1 // 19 Aug 2017\par
\par
Fix to prevent 'not enough timers' on exit error.\b\f0\par
\par
Version 3.0.1 (711) \b0\f1 //\b\f0  \b0\f1 2 Jul 2017\par
\par
\b\f0 Added compatibility for operation with P3Dv4 (64-bit) and FSUIPC5 (64-bit). \par
\b0\f1 Requires latest beta version of FSUIPC5 5.101j or later.\par
  \par
Added Full Saitek Panel support and handling within LINDA GUI.\par
\par
Added AircraftTimer10Hz() function (if present in aircraft user.lua) for synchronizing Saitek panels with non-standard aircraft.\par
\par
Added visible prompts to Saitek Panels to remind user to active panel on start up.\par
\par
Fix to Import LINDA aircraft module to correctly handle regional settings using comma decimal points.\par
\par
Fix to stop module instances of LINDA running.\par
\par
Fix to Tracer Add Watch and Delete Offset favourites.\par
\par
Added dividers to Library pop up menus.\par
\par
Changes to internal timers to improve overall performance.\par
\par
Added hot key to Restart Lua Engine from the keyboard (uses Ctrl+Alt+R).\par
\par
Fixed issue with Hot Key for bringing LINDA to front not saving.\par
\par
Fixed problem with Console opening on start up.\par
\par
Fixed issue with not locating correct FSUIPC files.\par
\par
Fixed search issue with Editor.\par
\par
Fixed issue with AP data synchronisation with MCP2a panels.\par
\par
Fixed error with Saitek Multi Panel Elevator Trim down.\par
\par
Fixed issue with pausing Console.\par
\par
Fixed issue with Editor.\par
\par
Fixes to Tracer mode - LVar/Offset watches restart when in Verbose or Debug mode.\par
\par
Fixed Invalid Argument error stopping LUA restart.\par
\par
Added P3Dv4 Addon search for aircraft to New Module listing.\par
\par
Fixed failure to go to sub-block title in Editor.\par
\par
\b\f0 Version 2.9.6 (547) \b0\f1 //\b\f0  \b0\f1 10 May 2017\par
\par
Fix to Install LINDA Software when selected directory can not be accessed.\par
\par
Fix to Create LINDA Aircraft Module code (developer).\par
\par
Added Hotkey (CTRL+ALT+R) to Restart Lua Engine.\par
\b\f0\par
Version 2.9.5 (543) \b0\f1 //\b\f0  \b0\f1 8 May 2017\par
\par
Fix to Import LINDA aircraft module when reading multiple point version numbers (ie. 1.0.3).\par
\par
Updated LUA file version numbers and MCP version number display.\par
\par
Fix to missing application icon.\par
\b\f0\par
Version 2.9.4 (541) \b0\f1 //\b\f0  \b0\f1 4 May 2017\par
\par
Added option to create VRInsight MCP Combo configurations for Airbus from Boeing variant.\par
\par
Rework of internal VRInsight MCP Combo configurations management.\par
\par
Fix to creation of VRInsight MCP Combo configuration creation from .default and templates.\par
\par
Fix to resizing of GUI form when used on screens less than 840 pixels height.\par
\par
Fix to hide commented out functions from various menus and Editor\par
\par
Added reload of LUA engine when starting LINDA GUI.\par
\par
Added test display and blanking of Saitek Radio and Multi Panels on closing LINDA GUI.\par
\par
Fix to error when joystick HID device plugged in (Dynamic HID).\par
\par
Added functionality to install new LINDA software updates.\par
\par
Added functionality to import and create aircraft modules.\par
\par
Added functionality to backup and restore /modules directory and LINDA.\par
\par
Fixed opening of current aircraft README.TXT file on CTRL+Click on Edit button.\par
\par
Added extra dividers in pop-up menus for better grouping when \emdash  $$ label used.\par
\b\f0\par
Version 2.9.3 (496) \b0\f1 //\b\f0  \b0\f1 5 Mar 2017\par
\par
Added option to edit aircraft user written functions (user.lua) from Edit Aircraft Module dialog.\par
\par
Fix to correct error creating user.lua for selected aircraft from template.\par
\par
Fix to ensure Settings page correctly displayed on start up and when no aircraft selected.\par
\par
Fix to ensure FSXSync state correctly remembered.\par
\par
Fix to errors and LINDA closure when FSX Default aircraft config-hid.lua file was missing.\par
\par
Added separate configuration file backup folder and functionality to reduce clutter and numbers of backup files created.\par
\par
Added a new page holder for maintenance operations (for future development).\par
 \b\f0\par
Version 2.9.2 (487) \b0\f1 //\b\f0  \b0\f1 18 Feb 2017\par
\par
Fix to setting Apply Shift Globally to all devices on restarting LINDA.\par
\par
Fix to correct display of Combo DME/CRS assignments after saving and remove assignment corruption.  \par
\par
\b\f0 Version 2.9.1 (484) \b0\f1 //\b\f0  \b0\f1 17 Feb 2017\par
\par
Added Frame Rate and Available Virtual Address Space (VAS) display on VRI Combo MCP Boeing and Airbus panels (radio display top right). Set in SetupLINDA.\par
\par
New functions to switch Flt Sim Available VAS display in MCP2/MCP2a in LIB:SPECIAL FUNCTIONS (FSVAS_on, FSVAS_off, FSVAS_toggle).\par
\par
Updated LIB:Aiviasoft and EFIS presets for DOORS and EFB.\par
\par
Fix to occasional display of fsuipc4.ini file not found message during start up.\par
\par
Fix to reinstate MCP default configuration (config-mcpX.lua) files in aircraft folders.\par
\par
Fix to MCP2 and MCP2a Radio Panel configuration functionality and presets. LAMP assignment moved from RADIOS to USER blocks and may need to be re-assigned.\par
\par
Added facilty to generate MCP1 and MCP2 configuration files from the loaded panel type (ie. MCP1 to MCP2 or MCP2 to MCP1). Use <CTRL>+Click on Save button.\par
\par
Added user accessible Timer function (LibUserTimer1Hz()) in LIB:User allowing user to add timed functions called at 1Hz.\par
\par
Fix to VRi Combo MCP Boeing and Airbus DME CRS assignments saving and execution. Required for advanced aircraft like PDMG 737NGX and Aerosoft Airbus.\par
\b\f0\par
Version 2.8.9 (446) \b0\f1 //\b\f0  \b0\f1 3 Feb 2017\par
\par
Fix to improve Saitek Multi Panel display update frequency including updates to VRi Combo MCP Panels (except MCP Radio display).\par
\par
Fix to ensure saved Joystick assignment configuration is correctly on restarting Flt Sim. \par
\par
Changed and simplified Saitek Panel function names and ordering (copy from config-hid-saitek.lua required).\par
\par
Fix to configuration file template operation (removes need for .default files).\par
\par
Fix to clear red highlighting when changes to MCP Combo saved.\par
\par
Fix to ensure New Module creates user.lua file and prevents fatal termination.\par
\par
Fix for Saitek Panel checkbox not saving after restarting LINDA.\par
\b\f0\par
Version 2.8.8 \b0\f1 // 7 Jan 2017\par
\par
Fix to aircraft module Timer() calling when VRI Combo not used.\par
\par
Fix to FSX Sync and Joystick OnRelease on start up. FSX Sync defaults to ON if aircraft loaded. FSX Sync can be deselected but this also inhibit all HID (joystick) input.\par
\b\f0\par
Version 2.8.7 \b0\f1 // 24 Dec 2016\par
\par
Fix to Edit Aircraft Module form to allow selected aircraft actions.lua to be opened in Editor.\par
 \par
Fix to various debug reporting errors.\par
\b\f0\par
Version 2.8.6 \b0\f1 // 5 Dec 2016\par
\par
Fix to OnRelease functions not loading correctly.\par
\par
Reinstated LUE.EXE code.\par
\b\f0\par
Version 2.8.5 \b0\f1 // 30 Oct 2016\par
\par
Fix to ensure first button/switch operation correctly actioned.\par
\par
Fixes to VRInsight MCP Lamps not displaying correctly.\par
\par
Changes to Prefix Save logic.\par
\b\f0\par
Version 2.8.4 \b0\f1 // 20 Oct 2016\par
\par
Fixes accuracy of Saitek Multi Panel ALT display (removes rounding error).\par
\par
Fixes crash when executing functions in Editor with Right Click.\par
\par
Fixes a configuration error with MCP2 panel LAMP values.\par
\b\f0\par
Version 2.8.3\b0\f1  // 4 Jul 2016\par
\par
Fixes crash when Joystick device unplugged and plugged in during operation.\b\f0\par
\par
Version 2.8.2 \b0\f1 // 3 Jul 2016\par
\par
Fixes problem with FSX Sync when changing aircraft type.\par
\par
Fixes error on shutdown caused by System Tray Icon.\par
\par
Added option to select FSUIPC4.ini Program entries (CLOSE, KILL or no action) in LINDA setup.\par
\par
Added confirmation beeps when using the UNSHIFTED, SHIFTED1 and SHIFTED2 functions.\par
\par
Added additional error checking for file access.\par
\b\f0\par
Version 2.8.1 \b0\f1 // 27 Jun 2016\par
\par
Added user module functions to MCP and Joystick popup menus options.\par
\par
Added Saitek Rudder Pedals to the excluded device list.\par
\par
Changed logic of Saitek Panels checkbox in LINDA Setup to support future development. When ticked, Saitek display output is handled by LINDA GUI. When unticked, control is passed to the LINDA LUA code.\par
\par
Fixes switching between HID devices when unsaved changes present.\par
\par
Fixes long standing fault where VRInsight MCP1 CRS knob assignments were not displayed after change. \par
\par
Fixes issue causing corruption of known Joystick/HID device configuration file and erroneous warning dialog.\par
\par
Fixes issue loading and saving configurations for VRInsight MCP1 (orginal) panels.\par
\par
Fixes issue synchronising to the current aircraft on starting LINDA.\par
\par
Fixes unnecessary and repetitive HID configuration loading from disk.\par
\par
Fixes unnecessary Joystick 'Requires Setup' indication on start up.\par
\par
Improved operating speed and start up time.\par
\par
\b\f0 Version 2.8.0 (376) \b0\f1 // 24 Jun 2016\par
\par
Major internal GUI housekeeping exercise to improve reliability and supportability.\par
\par
Added ability to set Global Shifted option to operate without need to restart LINDA.\par
\f2\par
Added extra standard alternative functions to buttons (eg. _inc to _incfast & _dec to _decfast).\par
\par
Added ability to define Debug Level and scope from Setup LINDA page (Default Standard).\par
\par
Added F3 and F4 key shortcuts to open Console lower and righthand panels.\par
\par
Added ability to assign function to Lamp button on VRInsight Combo 2 (Boeing and Airbus panels).\par
\par
Added check and warning for unrecognised Joystick/HID devices in the selected aircraft configuration file.\par
\par
Fixes issue with runaway inputs, especially trim functions assigned to OnRepeat, when using Shifted functions.\par
\par
Fixes issue with spurious (yen) characters on VRInsight MCP Combo 2 (Boeing) panel on initialisation.\par
\par
Fixes issue with displaying DME/ADF Course (CRS) label on VRInsight MCP Combo 2 (Airbus) panel.\par
\par
Fixes issue with GO Flight devices with identical serial numbers (0008 7).\par
\par
Fixes error message in cases where duplicate device serial numbers are present.\par
\par
Fixes issue with Tracer not selecting first item in selected LVars to watch.\par
\par
Fixes issue when assigning standard alternative functions to buttons (_dn to _dnfast).\par
\par
Fixes error opening FSUIPC Macro assignment form when no .MCRO files present.\par
\par
Fixes to Console LVars and Offset tracking display and operation.\par
\par
Fixes error when passing mouse over MCP graphic selector.\par
\par
Fixes problem of the Console autoscrolling when user inspecting earlier logs. \par
\par
Changes to Console to improve operation and flexibility.\par
\par
Changes to FSX Sync indicator and button to show correct Sync status.\par
\par
Changes to Setup LINDA page to improve user interaction.\par
\b\f0\par
Version 2.7.0 \b0\f1 // 15 Apr 2016\par
\par

\pard\sa180\tx200\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\f2 Fixes issue with HID Device scrolling on Joystick page when more than 10 devices connected.\par
Fixes issue of multiple LINDA icons in System Tray with application restarted.\par
\b\f0 Version 2.6.9 \b0\f1 // 12 Apr 2016\par
\f2 Fixes the identification and operation of HID devices with long serial numbers like the Saitek Flight Instrument Panel (FIP) dials.\par
Adds ability to define Saitek Panel types in Joystick Setup.\par
Adds more representative HID icons displays on the Joystick page.\par
Adds ability to assign standard alternative functions to buttons (eg. _on to _off, _up to _upfast, etc).\par
Fixes to cancel runaway OnRepeat calls.\par
Fixes missing HID icons for some new device types.\par
Adds Flaps lever functions to Saitek Multi Panel default configuration (config-hid-saitek.lua).\b\f0\par

\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803 Version 2.6.8 \b0\f1 // 9 Apr 2016\par
\par
\f2 Added functionality to uniquely identify multiple HIDs of same type with Serial Numbers (for Leo Bodnar USB cards).\par
\par
Added ability to Enable/Disable HID (Joystick) device button presses. Does not affect Axis.\par
\par
Added ability to disable LINDA control of Saitek ProFlight Panels (beta).\par
\par
Fix for Manual.pdf opening.\par
\par
Fix for range check errors.\par
\par
Fix for Flightdeck Solutions CDU (may affect Leo Bodnar USB cards) and HP Wireless Keyboard/Mouse.\par
\par
Fix for Aerosoft Airbus TRK/FPA display on VRInsight Combo Airbus FCU panel.\par
\par
Fix for FSUIPC4 version number display (build 189).\par
\par
\i\f3 Fix for Saiek Multi Panel Altitude and Vertical Speed for A2A aircraft and FSX (build 216).s\par
\i0\f2\par
\b\f0 Version 2.6.7 \b0\f1 // 16 Dec 2015\par
\par

\pard\sa180\sl360\slmult1\tx200\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\f2 Fixes to Saitek Multi, Radio and Switch Panels to improve operation with Default FSX compatible aircraft (requires cut and paste to config-hid.lua).\par
Fix to ensure display output on original VRI Combo MCP1 panels.\par
Fix to HID (joystick) handling to allow Joystick HATs to work correctly with OnRepeat conditions.\par
Fix to prevent OnRepeat runways with Trim Wheels (Saitek Multi-Panel & CH Yokes).\par
Fix to activate Joystick assignments on start up without need to select Joystick page.\f1\par

\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\b\f0 Version 2.6.6 \b0\f1 // 25 Nov 2015\par
\par

\pard\sa180\sl360\slmult1\tx200\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\f2 Fix to system timing for Majestic DH8 Q400 aircraft and FS2Crew Voice not working correctly when used with the VRI Combo panels. Problem still remains with \lquote 1000ft to go. Alt Sel\rquote  call repeating.\i\f3  \i0\f1\par

\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803 Changes for future Saitek Panel Development\par
\par
Change to PayPal Donate link.\par
\par
\b\f0 Version 2.6.5 \b0\f1 // not issued\par
\par
Fix to Editor allowing right click on execute functions.\par
 \b\f0\par
Version 2.6.4 \b0\f1 // 16 Sep 2015\par
\par
Fixed issue with display of odd characters on VRI Combo Boeing and Original MCP panels.\par
\par
Possible fixes to Range Check errors.\par
\b\f0\par
Version 2.6.3 \b0\f1 // 16 Mar 2015\par
\par
Fixed issue where FSX/P3D crashed on start up when VRI Combo panel not used.\par
\par
Fixed issue that caused Range Error when double clicking FSUIPC offset of type STR.\par
\par
\b\f0 Version 2.6.2 \b0\f1 // 13 Mar 2015\par
\par
Fixed delay in opening LINDA with multiple non-standard HID devices.\par
\par
Fixed issue which prevented the Summary page Joysticks/HID devices box scrolling.\par
\par
Improved format of MCP Assignments report.\par
\b\f0\par
Version 2.6.1 \b0\f1 // 9 Mar 2015\par
\par
Fixed range check error when selecting Joystick page.\par
\par
\b\f0 Version 2.6.0 \b0\f1 // 1 Mar 2015\par
\par
Added full dynamic connection and disconnection of devices/joysticks (switchable).\par
\par
Added Saitek Multi and Radio Panels as joysticks with display output.\par
\par
Added Multiple Shift across single or globally across all devices.\par
\par
Fixed issues with Global and Local Shift (modified operation).\par
\par
Reintroduced Hot Keys to save 2D panel positions and hide window titles.\par
\par
Added new ATC Library to interface with FSX ATC functions.\par
\par
Fixed issue with saving and reloading of amended Joystick/Device names.\par
\par
Fixed issues with Light functions to remove unwanted interaction.\par
\b\f0\par
\b0\f1 Added option to generate list of current aircraft module functions as a text file.\par
\par
Added option to generate list of assignments made to selected aircraft HID devices as text file.\par
\par
Added option to generate list of assignments made to selected aircraft and VRInsight MCP panel as text file.\par
\par
Added robust error handling for HID Devices that fail to open.\par
\par
Improved error reporting when VRInsight MCP panels are not used.\par
\par
Fixed issue where changing MCP type was not correctly updating assignments.\par
\par
Fixed issue with MCP2 GUI where knobs were not highlighting in Modes 2 and 3.\par
\par
Fixed scroll bar on News panel. \par
\par
\b\f0 Version 2.5.7 \b0\f1 // 31 Dec 2014\par
\par
Fixed issue connecting to certain devices with multiple HATs.\par
\par
\b\f0 Version 2.5.6 \b0\f1 // 28 Dec 2014\par
\par
Fixed Range Error Check with certain devices.\par
\b\f0\par
Version 2.5.5 \b0\f1 // 14 Dec 2014\par
\par
Added feature to provide an additional shift mode for use with CH Eclipse and Saitek yokes mode switches (UNSHIFTED, SHIFT ONE and SHIFT TWO).\par
\par
Possible fix for Device not found errors.\par
 \b\f0\par
Version 2.5.4 \b0\f1 // 8 Dec 2014\par
\par
Fixes to load and DME-CRS knob operation.\par
\par
\b\f0 Version 2.5.3 \b0\f1 // 7 Dec 2014\par
\par
Further fixes to DME-CRS knob operation.\par
\par
Fixed issue with managing Presets.\par
\par
\b\f0 Version 2.5.2 \b0\f1 //\b\f0  \b0\f1 4 Dec 2014\par
\par
Fixed issue with DME-CRS knob operation.\par
\par
Added FS2Crew Library.\par
\f2\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0 Version 2.5.1\b0\f1  // 1 Dec 2014\par
Added feature to use Default aircraft Combo panel configuration (config-mcp*.default) when user configuration (config-mcp*.lua) does not exist. If neither exists a new configuration is created from templates.\par
Added feature to set up user functions file (user.lua) in aircraft folder from templates.\par
Fixed OnRelease and OnRepeat HID button functions.\par
Fixed GLOBAL SHIFT latching problem.\par
Fixed HID out of range errors.\par
Updated LINDA version number displayed during MCP panel initialisation. \b\f0\par
Version 2.5 \b0\f1 // Nov 2014\par
Improved compatibility with MCP1 (original) and MCP2 (Combo II (Boeing)) panels.\par
Changes to MCP2a (FCU Airbus) display design for non-Airbus aircraft.\par
Updated LINDA Graphical User Interface (GUI)\par
Added SaveFlight, SaveDefaultFlight, OpenDoorWhenOnground and CloseDoor funcion to FSX Default library.\par
Added Saitek Pro Flight Instrument Panels to Joystick options (12 buttons only) \par
Fix for HID On Repeat and On Release functions which required the LINDA Joystick page to be open.\par
Added Flight Autosave functionality to save flights on user defined conditions.\par
Added User function module to permit easy and safer modification of defined functionality.\b\f0\par
\b0\f1 LAMP button on Combo II (Boeing) can now be programmed to work with panel lights.\par
Added longer timeout for sub-panel MODE changes (now 40 secs).\par
Added beep for sub-panel MODE changes and double beep on auto/manual return to MODE 1.\par
Added facility to programmed time out simulator keyboard input.\par
Improvements to reduce LCD display flickering.\par
Added USER.LUA module to allow user personal updates to aircraft functions. \b\f0\par
Version 2.0.8 \b0\f1 // Oct 2014\par
Reinstates missing lua file\b\f0\par
Version 2.0.7 \b0\f1 // 16 Jun 2014\par
Formal release of LINDA 2.0\par
Fixes minor issues when recording Numeric Keypad key presses.\b\f0\par
Version 2.0.6 RC1 \b0\f1 // 15 Jun 2014\par
Release Candidate 1 - fixes issues when creating new aircraft configuations from stratch.\b\f0\par
Version 2.0.5 RC0 \b0\f1 // 13 Jun 2014\par
Release Candidate 0\b\f0\par
Version 2.0.4 Beta 9 \b0\f1 // 11 Jun 2014\par
Issue with Radio FREQ knob fixed.\par
Delay timer for Mode selection reversion back to Mode 1 changed from 20 secs to 40 secs (Airbus FCU only).\b\f0\par
Version 2.0.3 Beta 8 \b0\f1 // 11 Jun 2014\par
Corrections to Presets for Airbus MCP2a/FCU operations\par
Minor corrections to Mode selector lock function\b\f0\par
Version 2.0.2 Beta 7 \b0\f1 // 9 Jun 2014\par
Minor corrections to ensure MCP2 compatibility (fixes save error reports and radio configuration) \b\f0\par
Version 2.0.1 Beta 6 \b0\f1 // 6 Jun 2014\par

\pard\sa200 Provides full compatibility with VRi Combo Airbus FCU (MCP2a)\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Credits to Andrew Gransden\b\f0\par
Version 1.13 \b0\f1 // 5 Oct 2013\par
Saitek Pro Flight Switch panel support\par
\b\f0 Version 1.12 \b0\f1 // 15 Sep 2013\par
More than 10 joysticks now supported\par
Credits to Sebastian M\'f6bius\b\f0\par
Version 1.11 \b0\f1 // 10 Jan 2012\par
Up to 10 joysticks are now supported\par
\b\f0 Version 1.1 \b0\f1 // 15 Nov 2011\par
VRi MCP Combo II support (with graphics updated for MCP2)\par
NGX module v2.0 included (with full display sync finally!)\b\f0\par
\b0\f1 Numerous fixes and optimizations\par
\b\f0 Version 1.1b \b0\f1 // 30 Aug 2011\par
VRi MCP Combo II support\par
2D panels positions save/restore. Ctrl+Alt+Shift+F1 to save positions. Positions restore is automatic.\par
FSX title hide in windowed mode. Ctrl+Alt+Shift+F2 to toggle title.\par
2D panels titles hide. Ctrl+Alt+Shift+F3 to toggle titles.\par
Auto revert back to the MODE 1 for all blocks.\par
Indication of alternative MODEs.\par
HID devices compatibility fixes, some of the Gamepads should work.\par
Dedicated offset range 7320-735F.\par
Updated Manual\par
PMDG 737NGX module included\par
Project Magenta module included\par
Minor bug fixes\par
\b\f0 Version 1.0.3 \b0\f1 // 17 Jul 2011\par
iFly 737 module updated\par
Huey X module added\par
Several bug fixes with LINDA startup problems\par
Preset delete confirmation dialog box fix\par
Other minor bugs fixed\par
\b\f0 Version 1.0.2 \b0\f1 // 30 Jun 2011\par
iFly 737 module by Helge Rasmussen\par
VRS F/A-18 updated\par
Duke B60T updated\par
Lua editor: text search&replace\par
Lua editor: instant execute feature\par
Console error monitoring and alert\par
Some fixes and optimizations\par
\b\f0 Version 1.0.1 \b0\f1 // 28 Jun 2011\par
FSUIPC Macros assignment didn't work on MCP buttons and knobs\par
Error message on start, when both Minimize to tray and Start minimized options are checked\par
"Add watch" button in tracer fixed\par
Compatibility fix for some joysticks like MS Sidewinder and others\par
Donation button is fixed (accepting payments now)\par
\b\f0 Version 1.0 RELEASE\b0\f1  // 25 Jun 2011\par
Updated user manual\par
Level-D 767 module added\par
Some small bugfixes and optimizations\par
\b\f0 Version 1.0RC4 \b0\f1  // 22 Jun 2011\par
Integrated Lua editor implemented. First iteration, quite simple, but LINDA setup page with some useful options added\par
\b\f0 Version 1.0RC3 \b0\f1  // 20 Jun 2011\par
Reverted back to configuring COM port in \b\f0 fsuipc4.ini\b0\f1  as this way things working more stable. Need to switch MCP Combo on before running the FSX again\par
Instead of that LINDA now can make changes inside fsuipc4.ini for you automatically\par
FSUIPC Macros assigning interface added\par
New module creation interface added\par
CaptainSim 757 module added (by Kosta Prokopiu)\par
\b\f0 Version 1.0RC2 \b0\f1  // 17 Jun 2011\par
Modified VRI MCP Combo Lua driver \par
No more need to start MCP Combo \ul before\ulnone  running the FSX \par
No more need to edit fsuipc4.log\par
LINDA console implemented (F1 to activate)\par
LINDA tracer  implemented (Ctrl+F1 to activate)\par
Some small bugfixes\b\f0\par
Version 1.0RC1 \b0\f1  // 16 Jun 2011\par
Public testing release\par
\b\f0 Version 1.0b3 \b0\f1  // 12 Jun 2011\par
All configuration files now moved to the dedicated folder to simplify the update process\par
LINDA now correctly initialize folders and config files on a clean install\par
Lua scripts updated to be more protected of configuration errors\par
Lua scripts are now more informative on what is wrong, if it is wrong\par
Secret feature for future module developers implemented\par
Reworked FSX controls selector\par
Minor bugfixes\par
\b\f0 Version 1.0b2 \b0\f1  // 10 Jun 2011\par
Switched to the GUI HID driver (GUI needs to be running)\par
Joystick devices switching on button press in GUI\par
Support for Vrinsight MS/TT panels\par
Libraries folder moved to modules/linda/libs\par
Default FSX library updated with new actions\par
Many small bugfixes\par
\b\f0 Version 1.0b \b0\f1  // 1 Jun 2011\par
Initial Beta release\par
}
 